karuros@karuros-desktop:~/Documents/Git Projects/CS550/A02/npuzzle_r1$ python3 tiledriver.py 
puzzle number 1
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 18sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 29sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 12sec
puzzle number 2
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 28sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 19sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 1sec
puzzle number 3
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 15sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 31sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 2sec
puzzle number 4
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 1sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 19sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 3sec
puzzle number 5
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 17sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 19sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 0sec
puzzle number 6
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 10sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 30sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 1sec
puzzle number 7
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 28sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 24sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 4sec
puzzle number 8
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 7sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 12sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 3sec
puzzle number 9
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 30sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 32sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 2sec
puzzle number 10
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 13sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 26sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 0sec
puzzle number 11
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 21sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 27sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 0sec
puzzle number 12
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 31sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 3sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 0sec
puzzle number 13
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 23sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 23sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 10sec
puzzle number 14
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 30sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 17sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 0sec
puzzle number 15
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 22sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 33sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 1sec
puzzle number 16
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 25sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 26sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 0sec
puzzle number 17
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 22sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 28sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 2sec
puzzle number 18
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 30sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 36sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 1sec
puzzle number 19
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 14sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 27sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 0sec
puzzle number 20
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 8sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 36sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 6sec
puzzle number 21
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 23sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 33sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 12sec
puzzle number 22
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 17sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 35sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 2sec
puzzle number 23
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 22sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 33sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 14sec
puzzle number 24
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 3sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 26sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 1sec
puzzle number 25
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 30sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 16sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 8sec
puzzle number 26
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 8sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 9sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 0sec
puzzle number 27
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 15sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 30sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 1sec
puzzle number 28
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 32sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 32sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 2sec
puzzle number 29
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 28sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 11sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 1sec
puzzle number 30
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 24sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 23sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 0sec
puzzle number 31
solving with BreadthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 1sec
solving with DepthFirst
puzzle solved in 0min 27sec
solving with Manhattan
puzzle solved in 0min 4sec
#####SUMMARY PRINT OUT#####

		BreadthFirst
path length	mean 23.39, std 2.92
num of nodes	mean 118276.06, std 50091.53
time elapsed	mean 19.68, std 9.43

		DepthFirst
path length	mean 47094.87, std 17850.91
num of nodes	mean 146858.58, std 37702.29
time elapsed	mean 25.45, std 8.42

		A* - Manhattan
path length	mean 23.26, std 3.84
num of nodes	mean 19925.48, std 21406.97
time elapsed	mean 3.41, std 4.04


time elapsed to solve all puzzles 25min 11sec

